TrustedTypes: Add boilerplate for the xxxHtmlUnsafe() methods (#40420)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/document/parsehtmlunsafe_static/index.md

{{APIRef("DOM")}}

> [!WARNING]

> > This API parses its input as HTML, writing the result into the DOM.

Author: ```suggestion
> This method parses its input as HTML, writing the result into the DOM.
```

> APIs like this are known as [injection sinks](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Trusted_Types_API#concepts_and_usage), and are potentially a vector for [cross-site-scripting (XSS)](/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Attacks/XSS) attacks, if the input originally came from an attacker.
>

> > For this reason it's much safer to pass only {{domxref("TrustedHTML")}} objects into this method, and to [enforce](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Trusted_Types_API#using_a_csp_to_enforce_trusted_types) this using the [`require-trusted-types-for`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Headers/Content-Security-Policy/require-trusted-types-for) CSP directive.
> > This means you can be sure that the input has been passed through a transformation function, which has the chance to [sanitize](/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Attacks/XSS#sanitization) the input to remove potentially dangerous markup, such as {{htmlelement("script")}} elements and event handler attributes.

Author: ```suggestion
> For this reason it's much safer to pass only {{domxref("TrustedHTML")}} objects into this method, and to [enforce](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Trusted_Types_API#using_a_csp_to_enforce_trusted_types) this using the [`require-trusted-types-for`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Headers/Content-Security-Policy/require-trusted-types-for) CSP directive.
> You can reduce the risk by passing {{domxref("TrustedHTML")}} objects into this method instead of string, and [enforcing trusted types](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Trusted_Types_API#using_a_csp_to_enforce_trusted_types) using the [`require-trusted-types-for`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Headers/Content-Security-Policy/require-trusted-types-for) CSP directive.
> This ensures that the input is passed through a transformation function, which has the chance to [sanitize](/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Attacks/XSS#sanitization) the input to remove potentially dangerous markup, such as {{htmlelement("script")}} elements and event handler attributes.
```
